Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In the last lecture, we were able to pick a video from our gallery, and we also said Email the user,
peak, a video we then watch, navigate that user to the screen.
Okay, so now in this lecture, what we're going to do is we're going to set up the configuration and
that's a play that's picked up video.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go to the screen, okay?
And now we can use culture and beats and make this white.
Okay?
Now, what I'm going to do is over here, we're going to create a variable.
Okay.
We can say fine.
And they represent the B type of fire, and we can call this video Fi.
Okay.
Now via a light and use controlled dots.
You're going to need to import the dots IO and not the HTML.
You're going to get an error.
Okay.
That is the peak video file, right?
We also need the parts of the video so we can save video parts.
And that is what we are going to store in the database.
Okay.
Now use control and that's okay.
Sorry.
Video parts.
Right.
Okay.
Not in this to do is to pass it on to the constructor.
Right.
Okay.
So over here we can use country and Dot and create constructor.
We'll find out first.
Okay.
Now we can actually make this null.
That's means whenever we call this our screen, we don't really need to pass in the value to this video
pass and this video with this video fly and this video path as well.
Okay.
Well, what we're going to do is we're going to make it a required field.
So whenever we call this screen, we're going to need to pass in the values to this variables.
Okay.
So we can then say required and.
Well, they're required.
Okay.
And now we're going to get an error up because we are using this calfskin wire and it expects us to
pass the value to this video and the value to the video parts.
Okay, great.
So now we're going to get rid of this for now and.
Go back to the conference screen.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is.
Over a year.
Okay.
We're going to do this.
First of all, we're going to be using this in these states.
And the reason for this in these states is we weren't merely the user.
The user is navigated to this screen.
We want to automatically play that video.
Okay.
So to do that, we're going to be using the in states and you cannot use that in this state, in the
state, less widgets.
So what we have to do is to convert this widget to stateful widgets.
So to do that, all you just have to do is a light and use country dots and create.
Sorry, create, sorry.
Stateful widgets.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically it's not a play that's picked video.
They're going to be using that package we just historic so we can sell it because we don't want to initialize
what we are going to do now and it's going to be a type of video controller and we can see a controller.
You can see we can as we'll just say video controller.
But we don't want to do this at the moment that says we don't want to initialize this at the moment.
So we have to use the late to more like say wait for me.
I don't want to do this now.
Okay.
Now, like I said, email.
The user gets navigated to this page.
We want to automatically play that video.
Right.
Okay.
So to do that, we're going to be using what's the interstate?
And we can get rid of this.
And over year we can then use the state in order to automatically rebuild our widgets.
Okay, so you're going to call that controller.
Like I said, they're going to be setting up the settings in order to play that video.
Right.
Okay.
So over this controller, we are going to need to say controller.
Controller dart watch this is going to be.
So it controls the question.
Okay.
Now we can not initialize it.
Controller is request sort video controller.
And Via.
So he.
I think we called it this is going to be a controller as equals to.
Okay.
Video.
Sorry, video player.
Video player controller.
Dot.
So.
Dot fi.
Okay.
And the fire is going to be the pit video fi not to access this.
This is a sub variable, right?
So I says this webinar needs to say widget dots.
Video fi.
Okay, great.
Now this is the first set is and that's what's played the Peaks video.
Right.
Okay.
Now, we are going to do the census now.
So what we can say is controller.
Controller Dot.
Dot initialize.
Yeah.
I want to initialize the video.
And what we can also see is.
Video a controller.
Dirt play.
We want to play the video, definitely.
And we can also set the volume.
We can see, say, controller that sets volume.
You can see why.
Okay.
And as all we can see, controller.
Dirt.
I think we have we have said, look.
Okay.
So what this is going to do is whether the video stops is going to starts replaying itself.
So this is basically all the settings we need in order to play the video.
Now, you don't really need all this.
You can basically get rid of this or you can basically had some additional settings.
You can basically just say controller and you can use the dots and you're going to see a lot.
You can see we have the we have a lots.
We have a lot.
You can see.
Set.
Set the box field set.
Looping sets, close capture and stick to.
And we have a lot where we can just go with this.
Okay.
Nine In this picture, we are definitely going to be able to play this video before.
Now, please do not close this five or close your record.
SE You won't be able to restart this app because you can see we have this error of.
All you can do is you can make that not required.
Okay, then.
And in this lecture, we are going to be playing.
You are going to be able to play the video.
But for now, what we can do is this country and this to save this file.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.